END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR CYBERSOURCE  SOFTWARE

The software is subject to the terms and conditions detailed in the
following license agreement.

NOTICE: CYBERSOURCE LICENSES THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY UPON THE
CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT.  BEFORE YOU CLICK ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS
DOCUMENT, PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN CYBERSOURCE IS
UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE YOU SHOULD ,
CLICK THE "DO NOT ACCEPT" BUTTON, NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND REMOVE THE
SOFTWARE FROM YOUR SYSTEM. BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON, YOU ARE
CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by
copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other
intellectual property laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is
licensed, not sold.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.  This EULA grants you the following rights:

  a) Software Product. CyberSource grants to you as an individual or
  business entity a  nonexclusive license to use the SOFTWARE for the
  sole purposes subscribing to and utilizing services  from CyberSource
  Corporation.  You may only install one copy of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
  on a single server for access to the CyberSource servers. A license
  for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may not be shared or used concurrently on
  different servers.

  b) Electronic Documents. Solely with respect to electronic documents
  included with the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you may make an unlimited number
  of copies (either in hardcopy or electronic form), provided that such
  copies shall be used only for internal purposes and are not
  republished or distributed to any third party.

  c) Storage/Network Use. You may store or install a copy of the
  SOFTWARE PRODUCT on a storage device, such as a network server, to
  install the SOFTWARE PRODUCT on your other servers over an internal
  network; however, a separate license must be purchased for each
  server on which the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is installed and used.

  d) Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and
  Disassembly.  You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble
  the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such
  activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding
  this limitation.

  e) Separation of Components. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed as a
  single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on
  more than one computer.

  f) Rental. You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

  g) Support Services. CyberSource may provide you with support
  services related to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (Support Services). Use of
  Support Services is governed by the CyberSource policies and programs
  described in the user manual, in online documentation, and/or in
  other CyberSource-provided materials. Any supplemental software code
  provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered
  part of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and subject to the terms and conditions
  of this EULA.  With respect to technical information you provide to
  CyberSource as part of the Support Services, CyberSource may use such
  information for its business purposes, including for product support
  and development.  CyberSource will not utilize such technical
  information in a form that personally identifies you.

  h) Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, CyberSource
  may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and
  conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies
  of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and all of its component parts.

2. UPGRADES. If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is labeled as an upgrade, you must
be properly licensed to use a product identified by CyberSource as
being eligible for the upgrade in order to use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.  A
SOFTWARE PRODUCT labeled as an upgrade replaces and/or supplements the
product that formed the basis for your eligibility for the upgrade. You
may use the resulting upgraded product only in accordance with the
terms of this EULA.

3. COPYRIGHT. All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
(including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, text, and applets incorporated into the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT are owned by CyberSource or its suppliers. The
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international
treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE PRODUCT like
any other copyrighted material except that you may install the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT on a single server provided you keep the original solely for
backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the printed materials
accompanying the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

4. DUAL-MEDIA SOFTWARE. You may receive the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in more
than one medium.  Regardless of the type or size of medium you receive,
you may use only one medium that is appropriate for your single server.
You may not use or install the other medium on another computer. You
may not loan, rent, lease, or otherwise transfer the other medium to
another user, except as part of the permanent transfer (as provided
above) of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

5. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and
documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in
subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer
Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2)
of the Commercial Computer SoftwareRestricted Rights at 48 CFR
52.227-19, as applicable. Manufacturer is CyberSource Corporation, 1295
Charleston Rd., Mountain View, CA 94043.  

6. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You agree that neither you nor your customers
intend to or will, directly or indirectly, export or transmit the
SOFTWARE or related documentation and technical data or any resulting
product, or process, or service that is the direct product of the
SOFTWARE, to any country to which such export or transmission is
restricted by any applicable U.S. regulation or statute, without the
prior written consent, if required, of the Bureau of Export
Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or such other
governmental entity as may have jurisdiction over such export or
transmission.

MISCELLANEOUS. If you acquired this product in the United States, this
EULA is governed by the laws of the State of California. If this
product was acquired outside the United States, then local law may
apply.  Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you
desire to contact CyberSource for any reason, please contact the
CyberSource Corporate Headquarters, or write: CyberSource Sales
Information CyberSource Corporation, 1295 Charleston Rd., Mountain
View, CA 94043. 

LIMITED WARRANTY.  CyberSource warrants that (a) the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying written
materials for a period of one-hundred twenty days (120) days from the
date of receipt. Some states and jurisdictions do not allow limitations
on duration of an implied warranty, so the above limitation may not
apply to you.  NO OTHER WARRANTIES. To the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, CyberSource and its suppliers disclaim all other
warranties, either express or implied, including, but not limited to,
implied warranties of merchantability AND fitness for a particular
purpose, with regard to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. This limited warranty
gives you specific legal rights. You may have others, which vary from
state/jurisdiction to state/jurisdiction.

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, in no event shall CyberSource or its
suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or
consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation,
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of
business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the
use of or inability to use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, even if CyberSource
has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some
states and jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation
may not apply to you.
